030.jpg
The bed is near the side table. The bed is also near another side table.
031.jpg
The bed is near a side table. The bed is near another side table.
032.jpg
There is a bed.
033.jpg
The bed is near the side table. The bed is also near another side table. The sofa is in front of the bed.
034.jpg
The bed is near the side table.
035.jpg
The bed is near a side table. The bed is near another side table. The chair is on the left side of the bed.
036.jpg
The side table is near the bed. The chair is on the left side of the side table.
037.jpg
The bed is near the side table.
038.jpg
The bed is near the side table.
039.jpg
The chair is behind the table. The table is on the left side of side table. The side table is on the left side of the bed.
060.jpg
A chair is on the left side of the dinning table. Another chair is in front of the dinning table. The sofa is behind the dinning table.
061.jpg
A chair is in front of the dinning table. Some chairs are on the left side of the dinning table. Some chairs are on the right side of the dinning table.
062.jpg
A chair is in front of the dinning table. A chair is on the left side of the dinning table, and another chair is on the right side of the dinning table.
063.jpg
A side table is above the table. A chair is in front of the table. A chair is on the left side of the dinning table, and another chair is on the right side of the dinning table.
064.jpg
A chair is in front of the dinning table. A chair is behind the dinning table. Some chairs are near the dining table.
065.jpg
Some chairs are in front of the dinning table.
066.jpg
A chair is on the left side of the dinning table. Anotehr chair is on the right side of the dinning table.
067.jpg
Some chairs are near the dinning table. A chair is in front of the dinning table.
068.jpg
Two chairs are in front of the dinning table. Three chairs are behind the dinning table.
069.jpg
Some chairs are near the dinning table. A chair is on the left side of dinning table, and another chair is on the right side of dinning table.
130.jpg
A sofa is behind a side table.
131.jpg
A sofa is behind a table. The sofa is near another sofa. Some chairs are on the left side of the table, and some other chairs are on the right side of the table.
132.jpg
A sofa is near a side table. Another side table is on the right side of the sofa.
133.jpg
A sofa is near the side table. Another sofa is on the left side of the side table. A sofa is in front of the side table.
134.jpg
The sofa is behind the side table.
135.jpg
A so fa is on the left side of the side table. Another sofa is behind the side table.
136.jpg
A sofa is on the right side of side table.
137.jpg
A sofa is behind the side table. Another sofa is on the left side of the side table, and another sofa is on the right side of the side table.
138.jpg
A sofa is on the left side of the side table, and another sofa is on the right side of the side table.
139.jpg
A sofa is in front of the side table, and another sofa is on the right side of the side table.
